feat(core)!: redesign auto-compaction thresholds with three-tier ladder (#4168)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/configuration/settings.md

| `model.generationConfig`                           | object  | Advanced overrides passed to the underlying content generator. Supports request controls such as `timeout`, `maxRetries`, `enableCacheControl`, `splitToolMedia` (set `true` for strict OpenAI-compatible servers like LM Studio that reject non-text content on `role: "tool"` messages — splits media into a follow-up user message), `contextWindowSize` (override model's context window size), `modalities` (override auto-detected input modalities), `customHeaders` (custom HTTP headers for API requests), and `extra_body` (additional body parameters for OpenAI-compatible API requests only), along with fine-tuning knobs under `samplingParams` (for example `temperature`, `top_p`, `max_tokens`). Leave unset to rely on provider defaults. | `undefined` |

> | `model.chatCompression.contextPercentageThreshold` | number  | **REMOVED.** Auto-compaction now uses a three-tier threshold ladder (warn / auto / hard) computed internally from the model's context window via the `computeThresholds()` function — no longer user-configurable. Setting this field in `settings.json` is silently ignored, and a one-line deprecation warning is emitted to stderr at startup. There is currently no replacement to disable auto-compaction. (See PR #4168 for the redesign rationale.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `N/A`       |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** This row still tells users that there is no replacement for disabling auto-compaction, but the same PR now adds `chatCompression.disabled?: boolean` as the replacement escape hatch. Anyone trying to migrate an old `contextPercentageThreshold: 0` setting would miss the new supported option and may incorrectly assume uncompressed/audit sessions are no longer possible.

```suggestion
| `model.chatCompression.contextPercentageThreshold` | number  | **REMOVED.** Auto-compaction now uses a three-tier threshold ladder (warn / auto / hard) computed internally from the model's context window via the `computeThresholds()` function — no longer user-configurable. Setting this field in `settings.json` is silently ignored, and a one-line deprecation warning is emitted to stderr at startup. To disable auto-compaction entirely, use `model.chatCompression.disabled: true`; manual `/compress` and reactive overflow recovery still work. (See PR #4168 for the redesign rationale.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `N/A`       |
```

_— gpt-5.5 via Qwen Code /review_

Author: ✅ Fixed in b19860386 — adopted your suggested REMOVED-row text near-verbatim (replaced "There is currently no replacement" with the migration path mentioning `disabled: true`). Also added a separate dedicated row for `disabled` below the REMOVED row so users searching for the new knob find it as its own entry.
